README.md, before:

# `meegan_portfolio_aurelia`

This project is bootstrapped by [aurelia-cli](https://github.com/aurelia/cli).

For more information, go to https://aurelia.io/docs/cli/webpack

## Run dev app

Run `npm start`, then open `http://localhost:8080`

You can change the standard webpack configurations from CLI easily with something like this: `npm start -- --open --port 8888`. However, it is better to change the respective npm scripts or `webpack.config.js` with these options, as per your need.

To enable Webpack Bundle Analyzer, do `npm run analyze` (production build).

To enable hot module reload, do `npm start -- --hmr`.

To change dev server port, do `npm start -- --port 8888`.

To change dev server host, do `npm start -- --host 127.0.0.1`

**PS:** You could mix all the flags as well, `npm start -- --host 127.0.0.1 --port 7070 --open --hmr`

For long time aurelia-cli user, you can still use `au run` with those arguments like `au run --env prod --open --hmr`. But `au run` now simply executes `npm start` command.

## Build for production

Run `npm run build`, or the old way `au build --env prod`.

## Unit tests

Run `au test` (or `au jest`).

To run in watch mode, `au test --watch` or `au jest --watch`.

Commit message:

added links to current tutorials

README.md, after:

# `meegan_portfolio_aurelia`

## helpful tutorials

I am using the following tutorials/guides for this project:
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/aurelia/aurelia_components.htm

https://riptutorial.com/aurelia/example/6613/creating-a-custom-element-based-on-naming-conventions

https://aurelia.io/docs/tutorials/creating-a-contact-manager#adding-a-loading-indicator

This project is bootstrapped by [aurelia-cli](https://github.com/aurelia/cli).

For more information, go to https://aurelia.io/docs/cli/webpack

## Run dev app

Run `npm start`, then open `http://localhost:8080`

You can change the standard webpack configurations from CLI easily with something like this: `npm start -- --open --port 8888`. However, it is better to change the respective npm scripts or `webpack.config.js` with these options, as per your need.

To enable Webpack Bundle Analyzer, do `npm run analyze` (production build).

To enable hot module reload, do `npm start -- --hmr`.

To change dev server port, do `npm start -- --port 8888`.

To change dev server host, do `npm start -- --host 127.0.0.1`

**PS:** You could mix all the flags as well, `npm start -- --host 127.0.0.1 --port 7070 --open --hmr`

For long time aurelia-cli user, you can still use `au run` with those arguments like `au run --env prod --open --hmr`. But `au run` now simply executes `npm start` command.

## Build for production

Run `npm run build`, or the old way `au build --env prod`.

## Unit tests

Run `au test` (or `au jest`).

To run in watch mode, `au test --watch` or `au jest --watch`.
